Once we have download the setup files now we're ready to go and start working on our project.
So first things first let's create a new folder and desktop.
But as always you can create wherever you would like.
And I'm gonna call mind back roads.
Back roads.
Like so let me zoom in.
As you can see that is the folder that I just created.
Then I'm going to open up my favorite text header visual studio called Drag and drop my folder.
And then within this particular project I would like to first of all create three files.
All right now we're gonna start by creating index the email and we're right away.
Gonna set up so much the email structure.
Again remember we are using the Emmett so exclamation mark and tab and we do have our setup and let's
say here.
Hello hello from back back roads like so.
Then also look to create another filed by the name of style CSX.
However this particular style CSX while I would like to actually set it up within the separate folder.
All right now the way I'm going to do that is in fact by creating another folder.
And in this case I'm gonna zoom in.
I'm going to say a folder name is going to be CSX as well as one folder for JavaScript.
So let's create a j s folder and then we didn't seize this folder.
When we create a new file and then let's just call the style or style CSX or main CSX.
Doesn't really matter.
Just have your style sheet and just so we can test it out whether our styles are working.
I'm gonna go first of all for the body and why don't we have a background of Let's read something like
that.
Let's say it just so we can see for sure that we have linked it correctly and then as far as javascript
is concerned.
Well we're just going to create a new file.
Gonna name it AB J S now.
I don't think we're gonna test that right now.
Of course I'm going to have the script tags where I'm linking my ab app.
But we're not going to test it right now.
All right now as far as the indexation of is concerned first and foremost why don't we change here the
title let's say back roads to our company something like that.
And you know what I could right away create two vertical lines as well so tour company is going to be
my title.
That's number one.
And you know it since I'm gonna be recording and I already have my finished project.
Also side by side I'm gonna add in my title a recording but you know have to so I'm going to write a
recording like so and then I would like to open up also a smaller browser window side by side.
So what I'm gonna do right now is I'm going to open up a new browser window right.
And then I'm gonna use my extension again by the name of preview on a web server.
And in this case I'm going to open up right now my local def server.
So the way we do that is and then we can right click it and we can use the extension of course.
Meaning we have the keyboard shortcut but I'm just gonna go here with launch on the browser.
Can we open this up as you can see I have my project but we can clearly see that my CSF is not working
because remember we did set up a background of red.
OK.
Now let's set this side by side and let's close the app James.
We're not gonna need that.
And as far as Stiles is concerned while we're gonna have within the head element we're gonna have two
comments.
One is going to be for font awesome font awesome.
And then right after the font awesome we're gonna have our styles.
So let's write styles and you know eventually there's also gonna be a favor cone but we're not going
to worry about it right now.
Now as far as styles is concerned well we need to link two styles assess.
Correct.
So let's go for ISIS.
So but we're not looking for style C assess we are looking for the ISIS folder and you know what I'm
going to add right away dot here as well just so everything is displayed properly also in the browser
and then let's look for our style successes.
Let's say we do have our red background.
So that means that everything is working correctly.
My style sheet has been linked collect correctly and then what I also like to do.
Well last thing that I would like to do is in fact get my images as far as setup is concerned.
So within the setup files we have our images folder and I'm just going to copy and paste this folder.
So I'm going to copied it over back to backroads and copy and paste it.
And now we have our images.
OK.
Now that should be it as far as the setup is concerned and I guess the last thing before we actually
head over the next video I'm just gonna open up my local host 80 80 just so I can show you on a bigger
browser window.
Our current project I also like to mention that I have zoomed in as you can see my zoom is 175.
So some things might not look exactly like yours in a sense because I have zoomed in just so I can see
it better.
But as far as the rest of the project is concerned of course everything is going to be exactly the same.
Just please can mine.
Keep in mind that when a man at a smaller browser window well some things might look a little bit different
than yours.
If you don't have the same zoom.